we shouldn't wait for
away for
I love me
r is a year
our time is waiting right
it occurred to me that should I take a
run at making a comeback was probably do
it over a game or idea that was epic and
creating such for all the people would
flock back to the site with such gay
abandon the pink would cease to be a
color however you know I've been playing
this week call of juarez the cartel
which to be honest is a bit pope and
rather than review that which would be
short it's not very good I figured I'd
go through most of the games I've played
since she last heard from in sum them up
ever so succinctly as I go and we start
ever so sweetly with tom clancy's hawx
two i played this on the playstation as
Chris had it and he waited it on coop
over we had to stop because his mum
wanted to go a bid and he had to be
quiet or something Hawks to his hulks
but with a two on the box then I got
surprised by never a normal telly for a
good game isn't mass marketed for the
d/s by Louise fucking Redknapp last
window the secret of Cape West now hotel
dusk room 594 little whatever it was 213
anyway it's one of my favorite games
literally ever it's too slow pace for
some has far too much dialogue for most
and his rock fucking hard near the end
but it is brilliant I hate in every way
the company that made it went bust but I
always thought hotel dust room 2 and 8
weather was a one-off so this was a real
treat I would recommend it by guarantee
at least half of you would look to burn
me alive if thinking it was a steaming
pile of shit speaking of which are they
now halo reach around actually this
wasn't half bad the best fun I've had
playing halo since the original and the
customization and Karl play only made
that bear obviously I'm not including
halo wars which was in almost every way
bit in the rest of the games but I'm in
the minority for thinking that so let's
distract the fanboys look dude Cortana
seriously Hal Awards is best
what ah she must have gone I got a robe
or something move it on I then played
medal of honor we just start off hating
then grew to love know why because I was
a fucking noob I when I got the skills
to unleash hell fucking Hill on the
enemy through airstrikes and whatnot
shit got real fun nothing bear a three
in the morning the fucking whiny college
kid leaving the game because you just
shoved another rocket up his crammed
asshole I then played for Sunday's to
for about three hours and send it back
because I completed it it was very poor
seriously you knowing Peter Griffin
falls over and hold his knee while
rocking again that shit's last longer
than this fucking game then I played saw
two which had the stupidest fucking
beginning in history of grams oh no wait
that's well we'll get into that layer in
sort o spoilers like I give a fuck about
whether or not you played it in sort to
start as a dick white criminal dick
white I don't know what that means Oh
I'll leave this in it's probably honey
so I start again I saw again go back to
being then applied saw 2 which was the
stupidest fucking beginning in the
history of games hell no way that's um
well we'll get into that in sort o
spoilers like I give a fuck whether
you're going to play on them in sort o
you start as a dick I said I've Wi-Fi
put a dick why I don't understand why I
put there
well you're a white bloke and he's a
dick and he's a criminal who we arrest
the late himself diet or so some kid
below by dying silly me I thought I had
to live or you know game over or
whatever but regardless you start level
two as a different guy a kid no less oh
I wonder how this is gonna pan out
fucking stupid story line actually it's
not the storylines far it's the
execution get it saw execution my shits
lost on you guys really is let's move on